---
layout: post
title: US Pentagon Reports 21 Unexplained 'Unidentified Aerial Phenomena' Cases
date: 2024-11-15
Author: zmlm8848
categories: 
tags: [news, America]
comments: true
--- 

**US Pentagon Reports 21 Unexplained 'Unidentified Aerial Phenomena' Cases**

According to a report by ABC News on the 14th (local time), the Department of Defense's All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) has released its annual report on "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" (UAP) sightings. The report states that there are currently 21 sightings that AARO cannot explain.

The report clarifies that UAP is the term used by the US military and intelligence agencies to describe what is commonly known as UFOs. From May 2023 to June 2024, AARO received a total of 757 sighting reports, 485 of which occurred within this period. An additional 272 reports were from 2021 to 2022 and had not been previously submitted to the agency.

According to the report, AARO stated, "No evidence of extraterrestrial life, activity, or technology has been found." However, AARO Director Jon Kosolowski admitted that 21 of the sightings remain unexplained. In a press conference on the 14th, he said, "Some of the cases are interesting, and with my background in physics, engineering, and intelligence work, I can't understand them, and I don't know if anyone else can either." He added that all 21 incidents occurred near locations related to US national security and were captured on video, with multiple witnesses or other sensing devices involved.

Regarding the appearance of these unexplained "unidentified aerial phenomena," Kosolowski stated that they appeared "spherical, cylindrical, or triangular." The report mentions that AARO is working closely with other agencies to analyze and attribute the 21 cases mentioned. "Due to the anomalous characteristics and/or behavior of these phenomena, these cases warrant further analysis," the report said. It also claimed, "If AARO discovers any case that suggests or involves breakthrough foreign adversary aerospace capabilities, AARO will immediately notify Congress.